you know it's about this time where I'm
reminded of the advice my father gave to
me on my wedding day he said son don't
take any wooden nickels
watching too much anime will rot your
brain and most important never ever
trust people who refer to themselves in
the third person
you wear a suicide shiritori and beware
behold the great and almighty tearin'
the leader of the mythical seven lucky
God's the immortal and or divine one
cannot truly be sure but there is no
questioning the frightening amount of
power he has Kiran is the whole package
all his abilities is stowed upon him by
a godly touch there is an ancient
Chinese legend of a treasure a scroll
divided into passed on through the
generations that the woman in possession
of a one half would be destined to find
her true love her prince reunite her
half of the scroll of his and live
happily ever after
cheering is that prince so great is he
that like the gods of Mount Olympus he
lives among the mortal plane in a
floating vessel hidden by the clouds
truly superior his power hearing can
reduce his enemies to puddles of waist
arms that perhaps the most questionable
of weapons his chopsticks there are his
weapon of choice never are they not by
his side he can easily power unicorns
blows by catching them with the
chopsticks seemingly at the speed of
light so Swift is Kiran that often you
don't see him move almost like he has an
impenetrable force shield around him at
all times now should Karen cross paths
with a persistent opponent like say
Ranma Saotome a his ace in the hole is
the attack of a hundred pinching
chopsticks in which limitless laser
projectiles emanate from Karen's
impossibly nimble fingertips
in order to face Karen in combat one
must prove himself worthy by defeating
each the seven lucky God's at their
respective temples behold the pike
wielding a sham on 10 god of warriors
Kieran's twin indentured servants die
koukousei daikaku sing the Masters of
the giant goatee
the old wound feel unstoppable force an
immovable object
beware the dreaded long loan the sexy
siren with a lethal lute and Evie ten
god of fishing pole and ears don't let
his size fool ya he packs quite a wallop
then and only then will an opponent be
privileged enough to enter Kieran's
towering Citadel to stand toe to toe
with benevolent ruler of the seven lucky
God's to marvel at his power for that
split second before him in a death ranma
saotome a foolish yet brave calls Charon
his enemy and rises to the challenge
their epic final battle is be one for
the east
this is not--it a walkie kuno or Ryoga
Hibiki Ranma will have to use every tool
in his arsenal and be as cunning as ever
to trade blows with this particular
phone but how how will he ever be able
to break through clearance impossible
defensive and more important is Ranma
strong enough to defeat a god
this has been a Ranma 1/2 character
profile